# 487

As of Oct. 17, I have completed most of the frontend, which includes login/signup pages, an event timeline, an event form page, a request center for viewing sent and received requests, a profile page, an account settings page, and a profile settings page. What is lacking on the frontend are the elements for uploading photos to event posts and for uploading a profile photo as well as the administrative user interface to approve of events. The event timeline is dynamically populated based on event posts that are stored in the database and sorted chronologically (expired posts are not shown), and a user’s profile page contains their posts sorted in the same way (expired posts are shown until deleted). The request center is also populated with requests from the database, and they can be accepted or cleared by the user. When a received request is selected, there is a modal that shows the sender’s profile picture, name, and bio for the receiver to view before deciding to accept the request, clear it, or do neither. When a request is accepted, the person who sent the request can revisit the request in the request center, where they will see the receiver’s preferred contact information (i.e. a phone number or email address). Requests are formed when a user selects the “Send Request” button on a post on the event timeline page, and the database is updated accordingly. Users cannot send a request to themselves or send multiple requests for the same post/event. 

Next, I plan to modify the event/post form so that, if a user selects “Other” instead of another event that is on the searchable event list (lists that have already been approved by an admin user), a new form input appears for the event name, and that event post will be sent to the admin user interface. Right now, I am working on completing the admin interface. 
